Ok stop arguing
Call a family meeting immediately
I want to decide the successor of the board of directors
Haha, my good big brother, good show.
It's starting, I'm waiting for you to inherit the Li family
Marry me beautifully
Please don't let me down!
Uncle Li and Aunt Feng
Second sister-in-law, I'm leaving first
See you at the wedding.
Bai Jie, let's go
So, Yuki, you said hello to everyone
Except I didn't say hello to my mom
It doesn't matter if you are unreasonable to me.
I'll be angry if you're rude to my mother.
Really?
You're angry, you're going to marry my sister?
Or are you going to let me dove and not marry me?
I'm so scared.
Aoxue is alright
We leave home not only boring and exhausted
Or aunt magnanimity
You need to persuade her more.
But don't do it for a little thing
Let her abandon me
I will be sad.
No no
Tang Aoxue, see you at the wedding.
I'll make you keep your eyes open
Who doesn't deserve who
My good big brother
The heir to the Li family is about to be announced
Your Dream
It's about to happen.
Hahahaha
Gather your clansmen and shareholders today
Only one purpose
It's just that my health is getting worse
Time is running out
Hope to be able to
The family chooses one who can bring the Li Group
People who go further